My test method starts with test create user were create user is the name of a method under test.
And this means that this test method will be testing code in the method that is called create user.
I'll need to create this method, but a method cannot exist without the class, so I'll need to create
class first.
In the arranged section, I'll create an object of this new class.
I'll call it user service.
And to create a new instance of this class.
Now my code does not compile.
Which means that I need to stop writing my code and fix this problem first.
And remember that in the test human development approach, we stopped working on a test method as soon
as it does not compile or fails.
So we need to fix this compiler issue first.
And to fix it, I will need to create a class that is called user service.
So in my application code, in the main package, in the Java folder, I will create a new class or
I will create a new interface first.
So I will choose new class and then I'll select interface and I will call it user service.
It is a good code in practice to use interfaces for our service classes and the technique is called
code to interface.
And later in this project you will see how it is helpful.
So I'll create the new interface and now I will create a clause that implements this interface.
To do that, I will do right mouse click and then select show context action.
And from the list of options, I will select implement interface.
I will call this new class user service import or use a service implementation and will put it into
a destination package which will be called Apps Developer BLOCK Build.
Let's say I'm working on Easter application and I will put it into a service package.
This is going to be a custom package that I'm creating.
You can come up with a different package name for your project.
All right.
So this will create a new package and it will place my interface implementation clause into this new
package.
Now, I will refactor user service and I will move it into the same package as well.
So select user series interface and simply drag and drop it into that package.
And this.
Now, both of my classes, the user service interface and the implementation of this interface is inside
the same package.
Com Developer BLOCK Easter Service.
Now I'll move my user service this class into the same package.
So I will select the user service.
This class will do right mouse click on it, will choose the refactor and then will choose move class
and I will move it into the same package.
So it's come IBM's developer block then E-Store, then dot service and click on Refactor Runtime.
Now my user service test class is in the same package as my user service interface and the service implementation.
Okay, but my code in the user service test class still does not compile.
And this time it is because I'm creating a new instance of user service interface.
I need to be creating a new instance of a class that implements user service interface.
So I will add ample new user service implementation and now my code compiles and this means that I can
continue working on this test meant it could continue in the following lesson.